hunting is so active nature for me
to understand and to understand and experience
I find this culture and these too
tradition that should carry on
that will not be lost
the enjoy the whole environment that
one that everyday
Surprises the choice in nature
experienced if that is now in the summer or
whether she is in winter when it's snow
always a new experience everyone
day gives surprises
it is responsibility it is
Ready for wind and nature
and it is lived need and culture
under the early morning when the morning sun
Here I am with my two dogs
it enjoys the peace in the nature outside
enjoy the first birds chirping
Listen and do something for me
I could not hunt without a dog
imagine
I have the intensive form of the
nature experience but it belongs to me
Also add that as a hunter today
I do animals as animals from the
found naturally
as in this regional product and that
exciting product and that's why
fascinated with her action
Hunting is also nature conservation it is often
doubted but it is relevant in
what our cultural landscapes
wild animals do the culture flayers
are that means with this intense
cultural landscape that we nowadays in
our asked do not know any more well
cope
on the other side those species of animals too
regulate
to vote on the habitat is it
the predatory or be it also deer
or deer around habitat and
to bring wildlife together
The hunt is something very nice hunting
something responsible hunting
Enthusiastic hunting also says so
gratitude